Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-gridsome.mdx

## Community Resources

<CardGrid>

  <LinkCard title="Migration from Gridsome to Astro" href="https://fyodor.io/migration-from-gridsome-to-astro/"/>

  <LinkCard title="Hello Astro!" href="https://thamas.hu/astro-hello"/>

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Gridsome site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Gridsome site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-gridsome.mdx)!
```
